The app has 2 main screens that are navigable via Bottom Tabs (achieved through Expo Router): RecordScreen and BrowseScreen.

## File System

- The app is initialized with some basic folders (Song Ideas, Demos, Voice Memos, Lyrics, Drafts)
- The RecordScreen has a dropdown that allows the user to determine the folder to save the recording to. The dropdown is populated with the folders in the file system. The dropdown also allows the user to search for folders. The dropdown is implemented using a custom component that uses `expo-file-system` to read the folder structure. When the user makes a recording, it is saved into the location specified in the dropdown. The dropdown uses the `FileSystem` component. Next to this dropdown is a button with text "Go to". When the user clicks this button, they are taken to the BrowseScreen and the folder they selected is opened. The "Go to" button uses `expo-router` to navigate to the BrowseScreen and pass the selected folder as a query parameter. The `FileSystem` component on the BrowseScreen uses this query parameter to determine the initial folder to display.
- The BrowseScreen displays the folder structure. It uses the `FileSystem` component to display the folder structure. The `FileSystem` component also allows the user to create new folders, rename folders, and delete folders. The `FileSystem` component also allows the user to move files between folders. The `FileSystem` component also allows the user to play audio files. This screen also has a button with text "Record". When pressed, the user is taken to the RecordScreen, and the value of the "Saving to:" dropdown is set to the current folder. This means that when the makes a new recording, it is automatically saved to this location
- The app also features an interactive Breadcrumb component, that allows the user to navigate up the folder hierarchy. This component is implemented in the `Breadcrumbs` component. By clicking on any folder in the breadcrumb, the user is taken to that folder. This component uses the `useFileManager` hook to navigate to the selected folder.
